who had n't Steven 's brothers who had seen Daniel found ?
who had n't Daniel found Steven 's brothers who had seen ?
who did n't Tamara 's grandfather that could n't notice Heather alarm ?
who did n't Heather alarm Tamara 's grandfather that could n't notice ?
who did n't this person that was kissing Steve talk to ?
who did n't Steve talk to this person that was kissing ?
who had those boys who would n't bother Winston Churchill talked to ?
who had Winston Churchill talked to those boys who would n't bother ?
who should some friend of Jason who is listening to Jacqueline care for ?
who should Jacqueline care for some friend of Jason who is listening to ?
who should n't all brothers of Stacey who have hugged Douglas work with ?
who should n't Douglas work with all brothers of Stacey who have hugged ?
who is n't Diane 's best friend who did bother Roger talking to ?
who is n't Roger talking to Diane 's best friend who did bother ?
who is n't the grandson of Sherry who hurt Monica listening to ?
who is n't Monica listening to the grandson of Sherry who hurt ?
who could the hospital that does n't help Frank bother ?
who could Frank bother the hospital that does n't help ?
who should those children who are kissing Ronald hurt ?
who should Ronald hurt those children who are kissing ?
who did n't Anna 's doctors who are watching Amy love ?
who did n't Amy love Anna 's doctors who are watching ?
who would a bird that found Marla find ?
who would Marla find a bird that found ?
who was that girl who scares Phillip 's sister listening to ?
who was Phillip 's sister listening to that girl who scares ?
who will Rachel 's piano teacher that has left Bruce return to ?
who will Bruce return to Rachel 's piano teacher that has left ?
what could Jill 's best friends who visited Bill like ?
what could Bill like Jill 's best friends who visited ?
who has Holly 's brother that loves this man hurt ?
who has this man hurt Holly 's brother that loves ?
who does n't every grandson of Allison that can alarm Russell care for ?
who does n't Russell care for every grandson of Allison that can alarm ?
who had n't Ronald 's brother who could know Veronica 's grandmother sounded like ?
who had n't Veronica 's grandmother sounded like Ronald 's brother who could know ?
