Chad learned that all children talk to Jessica .
Chad learned who all children talk to Jessica .
Peter knew that all children were n't fixing chairs .
Peter knew what all children were n't fixing chairs .
Martha does realize that the boys had n't thought about Gregory .
Martha does realize who the boys had n't thought about Gregory .
Amelia should remember that that patient would n't examine books .
Amelia should remember what that patient would n't examine books .
all men figure out that every boy sees Laurie .
all men figure out who every boy sees Laurie .
Andrea was learning that this company is working with Donald .
Andrea was learning who this company is working with Donald .
some ladies know that that patient was listening to Samantha .
some ladies know who that patient was listening to Samantha .
Carolyn discovers that all people visited Maria .
Carolyn discovers who all people visited Maria .
Todd knows that a lot of girls have n't watched a girl .
Todd knows who a lot of girls have n't watched a girl .
these doctors find out that a painting could n't look like a lake .
these doctors find out what a painting could n't look like a lake .
the guys know that some teacher finds that window .
the guys know what some teacher finds that window .
Becky would forget that these children kiss Larry .
Becky would forget who these children kiss Larry .
Gary knows that every woman works with Emily .
Gary knows who every woman works with Emily .
Bradley forgot that a man saw the ladies .
Bradley forgot who a man saw the ladies .
Michelle knew that a lot of girls could bring the shoe .
Michelle knew what a lot of girls could bring the shoe .
Gerald could find out that every boy discovers Becca .
Gerald could find out who every boy discovers Becca .
Sabrina did find out that every school worried Wendy .
Sabrina did find out who every school worried Wendy .
Tammy knew that people had n't dropped by a river .
Tammy knew what people had n't dropped by a river .
Harvard University finds out that these ladies saw Craig .
Harvard University finds out who these ladies saw Craig .
many boys realize that most people do watch Becky .
many boys realize who most people do watch Becky .
Teresa knows that most children can n't leave Danielle .
Teresa knows who most children can n't leave Danielle .
Theresa would n't realize that that carriage had n't worried Scott .
Theresa would n't realize who that carriage had n't worried Scott .
these people knew that the photograph could n't look like that dog .
these people knew what the photograph could n't look like that dog .
Naomi finds out that a man left Andrew .
Naomi finds out who a man left Andrew .
all people remember that the children have talked to Amy .
all people remember who the children have talked to Amy .
