Christina bikes to several grocery stores and Cynthia bikes to a few green grocery stores .
Christina bikes to several orange grocery stores and Cynthia bikes to a few green .
a cat is n't climbing up one ladder and Rodney is n't climbing up three big ladder .
a cat is n't climbing up one lost ladder and Rodney is n't climbing up three big .
Stacy is breaking a few chairs and Ruth is breaking a lot lost chairs .
Stacy is breaking a few red chairs and Ruth is breaking a lot lost .
that picture looks like one library and that print looks like two dirty library .
that picture looks like one clean library and that print looks like two dirty .
Phillip had n't talked about no schools and Deborah had n't talked about some old schools .
Phillip had n't talked about no good schools and Deborah had n't talked about some old .
Samantha will n't go to a lot of schools and Claire will n't go to a few hard schools .
Samantha will n't go to a lot of bad schools and Claire will n't go to a few hard .
Teresa did n't drive to one bank and Tammy 's mother did n't drive to few purple bank .
Teresa did n't drive to one old bank and Tammy 's mother did n't drive to few purple .
Nina drops by no schools and Jason 's husband drops by some orange schools .
Nina drops by no black schools and Jason 's husband drops by some orange .
Jane likes one plane and Carolyn likes a few old plane .
Jane likes one big plane and Carolyn likes a few old .
Cynthia had walked through five high schools and David had walked through four out in the open high schools .
Cynthia had walked through five blue high schools and David had walked through four out in the open .
Karen goes to one cafe and Deanna goes to a few bad cafe .
Karen goes to one rough cafe and Deanna goes to a few bad .
Candice sold one face and Sara sold five lost face .
Candice sold one blue face and Sara sold five lost .
Beth talked about one movie about and Deanna talked about more good movie about .
Beth talked about one bad movie about and Deanna talked about more good .
Brad has n't brought one chair and Nina has n't brought some blue chair .
Brad has n't brought one important chair and Nina has n't brought some blue .
Becky was driving to one high school and Jacqueline was driving to three clean high school .
Becky was driving to one blue high school and Jacqueline was driving to three clean .
Raymond will bike to one school and Margaret will bike to five green school .
Raymond will bike to one bad school and Margaret will bike to five green .
Stacey hurt five sisters of and these dishes hurt four good sisters of .
Stacey hurt five nice sisters of and these dishes hurt four good .
