a driver has thought about those deer that many pictures look like .
a driver has thought about what many pictures look like those deer .
Michelle can see this banana that Maria did sell .
Michelle can see what Maria did sell this banana .
Benjamin thought about the dresses that Carrie does think about .
Benjamin thought about what Carrie does think about the dresses .
Larry did notice the snake that Caroline could clean .
Larry did notice what Caroline could clean the snake .
Tina would n't remember a school that a dancer left .
Tina would n't remember what a dancer left a school .
Teresa should n't see those shoes that Phillip took .
Teresa should n't see what Phillip took those shoes .
Mark discovers a couch that Danielle brought .
Mark discovers what Danielle brought a couch .
Todd does n't think about some light that Dana sees .
Todd does n't think about what Dana sees some light .
Leslie does think about some cup that that print would n't look like .
Leslie does think about what that print would n't look like some cup .
Eva had thought about these grocery stores that Alan was driving to .
Eva had thought about what Alan was driving to these grocery stores .
those people see this shoe that Rhonda should lift .
those people see what Rhonda should lift this shoe .
Donald will n't notice the foot that John took .
Donald will n't notice what John took the foot .
Lori has thought about bikes that a photograph looks like .
Lori has thought about what a photograph looks like bikes .
Bradley discovers the picture that Christina found .
Bradley discovers what Christina found the picture .
Larry should think about every dish that Benjamin can have .
Larry should think about what Benjamin can have every dish .
Vanessa should see those socks that Brian was n't wearing .
Vanessa should see what Brian was n't wearing those socks .
Diana knew these people that Dana was hiding .
Diana knew who Dana was hiding these people .
Jerry discovers the lady that Jane scared .
Jerry discovers who Jane scared the lady .
Maria has seen the shirts that Andrea cleaned .
Maria has seen what Andrea cleaned the shirts .
Julia would question these people that Mitchell is n't hiding .
Julia would question who Mitchell is n't hiding these people .
Stephen thought about some painting that Candice would sell .
Stephen thought about what Candice would sell some painting .
Janet might think about that ladder that Carl finds .
Janet might think about what Carl finds that ladder .
Valerie had n't thought about an octopus that Carrie has .
Valerie had n't thought about what Carrie has an octopus .
Jane did question this bank that Richard had cleaned .
Jane did question what Richard had cleaned this bank .
Regina thinks about every teacher that some convertible was n't bothering .
Regina thinks about who some convertible was n't bothering every teacher .
Larry did see all horses that Carolyn could think about .
Larry did see what Carolyn could think about all horses .
Tanya had n't seen every grocery store that Tara cleaned .
Tanya had n't seen what Tara cleaned every grocery store .
Florence sees a goose that Katherine should n't hide .
Florence sees what Katherine should n't hide a goose .
Carlos thinks about the shirt that Beverly took .
Carlos thinks about what Beverly took the shirt .
Galileo had n't thought about a mouse that Kimberley does n't take .
Galileo had n't thought about what Kimberley does n't take a mouse .
boys see most eyes that these children think about .
boys see what these children think about most eyes .
Rhonda was thinking about this museum that Patricia thinks about .
Rhonda was thinking about what Patricia thinks about this museum .
Nina discovers every dish that Eva will think about .
Nina discovers what Eva will think about every dish .
Pamela thinks about the pictures that Denise likes .
Pamela thinks about what Denise likes the pictures .
many ladies think about many snakes that Michelle was taking .
many ladies think about what Michelle was taking many snakes .
Susan did n't forget every book that Carmen would n't take .
Susan did n't forget what Carmen would n't take every book .
Ann saw these guys that Amy talked to .
Ann saw who Amy talked to these guys .
Scott does see every couch that Keith thought about .
Scott does see what Keith thought about every couch .
Katherine discovers this muffin that Gina has n't cleaned .
Katherine discovers what Gina has n't cleaned this muffin .
Susan discovers that coat that Florence wears .
Susan discovers what Florence wears that coat .
Wayne knew some patient that that cup does bother .
Wayne knew who that cup does bother some patient .
Ruth has n't thought about that fish that a dancer is buying .
Ruth has n't thought about what a dancer is buying that fish .
Rhonda thinks about every fork that Michael was taking .
Rhonda thinks about what Michael was taking every fork .
Sally should n't think about most shirts that Rebecca thought about .
Sally should n't think about what Rebecca thought about most shirts .
David does see these hats that those guys lift .
David does see what those guys lift these hats .
