Anne is n't taking one face and Raymond is n't taking at least as many lost face .
Anne is n't taking one important face and Raymond is n't taking at least as many lost .
Christina bikes to several grocery stores and Cynthia bikes to a few green grocery stores .
Christina bikes to several orange grocery stores and Cynthia bikes to a few green .
Carmen forgot three movies and Samuel forgot at least as many long movies .
Carmen forgot three good movies and Samuel forgot at least as many long .
Stacy is breaking a few chairs and Ruth is breaking a lot lost chairs .
Stacy is breaking a few red chairs and Ruth is breaking a lot lost .
that picture looks like one library and that print looks like two dirty library .
that picture looks like one clean library and that print looks like two dirty .
Phillip had n't talked about no schools and Deborah had n't talked about some old schools .
Phillip had n't talked about no good schools and Deborah had n't talked about some old .
Samantha will n't go to a lot of schools and Claire will n't go to a few hard schools .
Samantha will n't go to a lot of bad schools and Claire will n't go to a few hard .
Kenneth drives to one hospital and some sister of Cindy drives to several purple hospital .
Kenneth drives to one good hospital and some sister of Cindy drives to several purple .
Teresa did n't drive to one bank and Tammy 's mother did n't drive to few purple bank .
Teresa did n't drive to one old bank and Tammy 's mother did n't drive to few purple .
some child hugged a few doctors and Meredith hugged several serious doctors .
some child hugged a few old doctors and Meredith hugged several serious .
Janice can n't climb up a few mountains and a lot of doctors can n't climb up several old mountains .
Janice can n't climb up a few white mountains and a lot of doctors can n't climb up several old .
Nina drops by no schools and Jason 's husband drops by some orange schools .
Nina drops by no black schools and Jason 's husband drops by some orange .
Steve has n't found three dishes and Erin has n't found at least as many clean dishes .
Steve has n't found three messy dishes and Erin has n't found at least as many clean .
Cynthia had walked through five high schools and David had walked through four out in the open high schools .
Cynthia had walked through five blue high schools and David had walked through four out in the open .
every sister of Phillip could sound like one cafe and Brenda could sound like many important cafe .
every sister of Phillip could sound like one rough cafe and Brenda could sound like many important .
Karen goes to one cafe and Deanna goes to a few bad cafe .
Karen goes to one rough cafe and Deanna goes to a few bad .
Candice sold one face and Sara sold five lost face .
Candice sold one blue face and Sara sold five lost .
Beth talked about one movie about and Deanna talked about more good movie about .
Beth talked about one bad movie about and Deanna talked about more good .
Brad has n't brought one chair and Nina has n't brought some blue chair .
Brad has n't brought one important chair and Nina has n't brought some blue .
Becky was driving to one high school and Jacqueline was driving to three clean high school .
Becky was driving to one blue high school and Jacqueline was driving to three clean .
Raymond will bike to one school and Margaret will bike to five green school .
Raymond will bike to one bad school and Margaret will bike to five green .
Debra goes to one art gallery and Heidi goes to five brown art gallery .
Debra goes to one purple art gallery and Heidi goes to five brown .
