Chad learned that all children talk to Jessica .
Chad learned who all children talk to Jessica .
Peter knew that all children were n't fixing chairs .
Peter knew what all children were n't fixing chairs .
Amelia should remember that that patient would n't examine books .
Amelia should remember what that patient would n't examine books .
all men figure out that every boy sees Laurie .
all men figure out who every boy sees Laurie .
Andrea was learning that this company is working with Donald .
Andrea was learning who this company is working with Donald .
Timothy has n't forgotten that some guy should n't watch Debra .
Timothy has n't forgotten who some guy should n't watch Debra .
some ladies know that that patient was listening to Samantha .
some ladies know who that patient was listening to Samantha .
Todd knows that a lot of girls have n't watched a girl .
Todd knows who a lot of girls have n't watched a girl .
Donald can learn that this child breaks some carriage .
Donald can learn what this child breaks some carriage .
these doctors find out that a painting could n't look like a lake .
these doctors find out what a painting could n't look like a lake .
the guys know that some teacher finds that window .
the guys know what some teacher finds that window .
Maria will n't know that this child was cleaning the forks .
Maria will n't know what this child was cleaning the forks .
Becky would forget that these children kiss Larry .
Becky would forget who these children kiss Larry .
Bradley forgot that a man saw the ladies .
Bradley forgot who a man saw the ladies .
Michelle knew that a lot of girls could bring the shoe .
Michelle knew what a lot of girls could bring the shoe .
Harvard University finds out that these ladies saw Craig .
Harvard University finds out who these ladies saw Craig .
the library had n't forgotten that some man had fixed some convertible .
the library had n't forgotten what some man had fixed some convertible .
Anne was n't remembering that these schools remember Martha .
Anne was n't remembering who these schools remember Martha .
Cindy can know that boys broke dishes .
Cindy can know what boys broke dishes .
Teresa knows that most children can n't leave Danielle .
Teresa knows who most children can n't leave Danielle .
Naomi finds out that a man left Andrew .
Naomi finds out who a man left Andrew .
all people remember that the children have talked to Amy .
all people remember who the children have talked to Amy .
