Jill has climbed down one out in the open hill and Phillip has climbed down more .
Jill has climbed down one hill and Phillip has climbed down more out in the open .
Stephanie should kiss one excited friend of and Omar should kiss more .
Stephanie should kiss one friend of and Omar should kiss more excited .
Diana has one rough car and the lady has three .
Diana has one car and the lady has three rough .
Winston Churchill should n't remember one good story and Amy should n't remember few .
Winston Churchill should n't remember one story and Amy should n't remember few good .
Melanie did n't run around one purple cafe and Rose did n't run around a lot .
Melanie did n't run around one cafe and Rose did n't run around a lot purple .
Brenda had broken one white cup and Donald had broken some .
Brenda had broken one cup and Donald had broken some white .
Ellen does fix two orange chairs and Eric does fix three .
Ellen does fix two chairs and Eric does fix three orange .
some child does n't wear one white dress and Renee does n't wear many .
some child does n't wear one dress and Renee does n't wear many white .
every drawing of many glasses should look like one good dog and those paintings of most books should look like many .
every drawing of many glasses should look like one dog and those paintings of most books should look like many good .
Phillip sees a few purple sweaters and Steven sees a lot .
Phillip sees a few sweaters and Steven sees a lot purple .
Phillip brought three blue windows and Eric brought at least as many .
Phillip brought three windows and Eric brought at least as many blue .
Erin does n't hide one young dancer and Travis does n't hide more .
Erin does n't hide one dancer and Travis does n't hide more young .
Nicole did n't sell a few green books and Brett 's doctor did n't sell a lot .
Nicole did n't sell a few books and Brett 's doctor did n't sell a lot green .
Benjamin could n't clean one big drawing and Vanessa could n't clean more .
Benjamin could n't clean one drawing and Vanessa could n't clean more big .
cousins of Noah are kissing one smart mother of and Peter was kissing two .
cousins of Noah are kissing one mother of and Peter was kissing two smart .
Gina was breaking one dirty couch and Jessica was breaking three .
Gina was breaking one couch and Jessica was breaking three dirty .
Jessica is n't cleaning one old dress and Beth is n't cleaning more .
Jessica is n't cleaning one dress and Beth is n't cleaning more old .
Kimberley can n't clean one old shoe and Teresa can n't clean at least as many .
Kimberley can n't clean one shoe and Teresa can n't clean at least as many old .
Janet has visited a few big mothers of and this patient has visited a lot .
Janet has visited a few mothers of and this patient has visited a lot big .
most people were buying one red restaurant and Raymond was n't buying few .
most people were buying one restaurant and Raymond was n't buying few red .
Brian would n't lift no red books about and Todd 's cousin would n't lift some .
Brian would n't lift no books about and Todd 's cousin would n't lift some red .
that popsicle looked like one out in the open picture and Connie looked like five .
that popsicle looked like one picture and Connie looked like five out in the open .
Stacey is n't cleaning many black socks and Anna is n't cleaning few .
Stacey is n't cleaning many socks and Anna is n't cleaning few black .
Sandra forgot five bad shows about and Suzanne forgot four .
Sandra forgot five shows about and Suzanne forgot four bad .
Jessica was n't breaking one white glass and Samantha was n't breaking two .
Jessica was n't breaking one glass and Samantha was n't breaking two white .
Christine had n't forgotten four young mothers of and Elizabeth had n't forgotten five .
Christine had n't forgotten four mothers of and Elizabeth had n't forgotten five young .
Todd breaks many black bikes and Vanessa breaks few .
Todd breaks many bikes and Vanessa breaks few black .
Deanna was n't bothering one big guy and Jill was n't bothering four .
Deanna was n't bothering one guy and Jill was n't bothering four big .
Lawrence works with five small sisters of and Liam works with four .
Lawrence works with five sisters of and Liam works with four small .
some pictures of Larry are n't looking like three important hats and every picture of that plate is n't looking like at least as many .
some pictures of Larry are n't looking like three hats and every picture of that plate is n't looking like at least as many important .
pictures of Liam looked like one sick fish and every drawing looked like more .
pictures of Liam looked like one fish and every drawing looked like more sick .
Sharon will n't leave one scared son and Janice will n't leave few .
Sharon will n't leave one son and Janice will n't leave few scared .
Karen went to one white lake and Cynthia went to at least as many .
Karen went to one lake and Cynthia went to at least as many white .
Samantha is n't breaking a few broken cups and a horse is n't breaking a lot .
Samantha is n't breaking a few cups and a horse is n't breaking a lot broken .
Janice can n't break a lot of orange glasses and a turtle can n't break a few .
Janice can n't break a lot of glasses and a turtle can n't break a few orange .
Rhonda breaks few purple bicycles and Keith breaks many .
Rhonda breaks few bicycles and Keith breaks many purple .
