Omar knows that the dancer has broken that window .
Omar knows what the dancer has broken that window .
Chad learned that all children talk to Jessica .
Chad learned who all children talk to Jessica .
Peter knew that all children were n't fixing chairs .
Peter knew what all children were n't fixing chairs .
Martha does realize that the boys had n't thought about Gregory .
Martha does realize who the boys had n't thought about Gregory .
Amelia should remember that that patient would n't examine books .
Amelia should remember what that patient would n't examine books .
all men figure out that every boy sees Laurie .
all men figure out who every boy sees Laurie .
Andrea was learning that this company is working with Donald .
Andrea was learning who this company is working with Donald .
some ladies know that that patient was listening to Samantha .
some ladies know who that patient was listening to Samantha .
Carolyn discovers that all people visited Maria .
Carolyn discovers who all people visited Maria .
Donald can learn that this child breaks some carriage .
Donald can learn what this child breaks some carriage .
Maria will n't know that this child was cleaning the forks .
Maria will n't know what this child was cleaning the forks .
Becky would forget that these children kiss Larry .
Becky would forget who these children kiss Larry .
Bradley forgot that a man saw the ladies .
Bradley forgot who a man saw the ladies .
Michelle knew that a lot of girls could bring the shoe .
Michelle knew what a lot of girls could bring the shoe .
Gerald could find out that every boy discovers Becca .
Gerald could find out who every boy discovers Becca .
Harvard University finds out that these ladies saw Craig .
Harvard University finds out who these ladies saw Craig .
many boys realize that most people do watch Becky .
many boys realize who most people do watch Becky .
Cindy can know that boys broke dishes .
Cindy can know what boys broke dishes .
Teresa knows that most children can n't leave Danielle .
Teresa knows who most children can n't leave Danielle .
Naomi finds out that a man left Andrew .
Naomi finds out who a man left Andrew .
every guy discovers that the doctor has n't thought about some shoe .
every guy discovers what the doctor has n't thought about some shoe .
all people remember that the children have talked to Amy .
all people remember who the children have talked to Amy .
