which girls was Tara kissing and Alice thinking about ?
which was Tara kissing girls and Alice thinking about ?
whose pants will Margaret wear and Donald lift ?
whose will Margaret wear pants and Donald lift ?
what high schools had Brenda gone to and Martha sold ?
what had Brenda gone to high schools and Martha sold ?
whose windows do most doctors break and Melissa lift ?
whose do most doctors break windows and Melissa lift ?
what apples should Nancy bring and Sara clean ?
what should Nancy bring apples and Sara clean ?
what dishes did Galileo mess up and Katherine break ?
what did Galileo mess up dishes and Katherine break ?
which cars does Deborah take and Janice think about ?
which does Deborah take cars and Janice think about ?
which cats has Kevin brought and Liam brought ?
which has Kevin brought cats and Liam brought ?
whose pants should Clyde take and a lot of turtles find ?
whose should Clyde take pants and a lot of turtles find ?
what eyes might Maria have and Brett clean ?
what might Maria have eyes and Brett clean ?
which men does Gerald leave and John work with ?
which does Gerald leave men and John work with ?
which men was Andrea kissing and Sally working with ?
which was Andrea kissing men and Sally working with ?
what cups had Barbara fixed and Candice found ?
what had Barbara fixed cups and Candice found ?
whose grocery stores could Joseph drive to and every man return to ?
whose could Joseph drive to grocery stores and every man return to ?
what horses was Paul hiding and Lawrence thinking about ?
what was Paul hiding horses and Lawrence thinking about ?
what cars has April cleaned and Aaron brought ?
what has April cleaned cars and Aaron brought ?
what steps is this teacher climbing down and Gerald climbing up ?
what is this teacher climbing down steps and Gerald climbing up ?
whose schools was Ronald dropping by and Colleen walking through ?
whose was Ronald dropping by schools and Colleen walking through ?
whose blouses was Robert wearing and Steven thinking about ?
whose was Robert wearing blouses and Steven thinking about ?
whose pants did Anne wear and Andrea clean ?
whose did Anne wear pants and Andrea clean ?
whose dishes had Anna cleaned and Donna thought about ?
whose had Anna cleaned dishes and Donna thought about ?
whose plays had Jennifer forgotten and Donald thought about ?
whose had Jennifer forgotten plays and Donald thought about ?
which doctors had Charles scared and Omar watched ?
which had Charles scared doctors and Omar watched ?
what ladies had Beverly sounded like and many paintings looked like ?
what had Beverly sounded like ladies and many paintings looked like ?
what dresses might Peter have and Cynthia see ?
what might Peter have dresses and Cynthia see ?
which teeth was Renee cleaning and Helen fixing ?
which was Renee cleaning teeth and Helen fixing ?
what people was Carl hurting and pictures looking like ?
what was Carl hurting people and pictures looking like ?
which lights had Carl taken and Eric thought about ?
which had Carl taken lights and Eric thought about ?
what dresses was Heather wearing and Rachel cleaning ?
what was Heather wearing dresses and Rachel cleaning ?
whose tomatoes could Brad hide and Renee hide ?
whose could Brad hide tomatoes and Renee hide ?
what bikes had Judy sold and Teresa broken ?
what had Judy sold bikes and Teresa broken ?
which paintings have the cars looked like and Deborah thought about ?
which have the cars looked like paintings and Deborah thought about ?
what steps was Timothy climbing down and a dancer climbing down ?
what was Timothy climbing down steps and a dancer climbing down ?
what girls should Nicole work with and Benjamin hide ?
what should Nicole work with girls and Benjamin hide ?
whose dogs had all paintings looked like and Carrie taken ?
whose had all paintings looked like dogs and Carrie taken ?
which men could Gina see and Jacqueline question ?
which could Gina see men and Jacqueline question ?
