Jill has climbed down one out in the open hill and Phillip has climbed down more .
Jill has climbed down one hill and Phillip has climbed down more out in the open .
Stephanie should kiss one excited friend of and Omar should kiss more .
Stephanie should kiss one friend of and Omar should kiss more excited .
Diana has one rough car and the lady has three .
Diana has one car and the lady has three rough .
Judy can n't wear a few old sweaters and Travis can n't wear several .
Judy can n't wear a few sweaters and Travis can n't wear several old .
Winston Churchill should n't remember one good story and Amy should n't remember few .
Winston Churchill should n't remember one story and Amy should n't remember few good .
Brenda had broken one white cup and Donald had broken some .
Brenda had broken one cup and Donald had broken some white .
Ellen does fix two orange chairs and Eric does fix three .
Ellen does fix two chairs and Eric does fix three orange .
Travis breaks one brown convertible and Roger breaks several .
Travis breaks one convertible and Roger breaks several brown .
every drawing of many glasses should look like one good dog and those paintings of most books should look like many .
every drawing of many glasses should look like one dog and those paintings of most books should look like many good .
Ann walks through two rough high schools and Caroline walks through three .
Ann walks through two high schools and Caroline walks through three rough .
Tina cleaned one old public park and Kristen cleaned three .
Tina cleaned one public park and Kristen cleaned three old .
a sister of Curtis skates around a lot of brown high schools and Jason skates around a few .
a sister of Curtis skates around a lot of high schools and Jason skates around a few brown .
Phillip brought three blue windows and Eric brought at least as many .
Phillip brought three windows and Eric brought at least as many blue .
Nicole did n't sell a few green books and Brett 's doctor did n't sell a lot .
Nicole did n't sell a few books and Brett 's doctor did n't sell a lot green .
Benjamin could n't clean one big drawing and Vanessa could n't clean more .
Benjamin could n't clean one drawing and Vanessa could n't clean more big .
cousins of Noah are kissing one smart mother of and Peter was kissing two .
cousins of Noah are kissing one mother of and Peter was kissing two smart .
Gina was breaking one dirty couch and Jessica was breaking three .
Gina was breaking one couch and Jessica was breaking three dirty .
Jessica is n't cleaning one old dress and Beth is n't cleaning more .
Jessica is n't cleaning one dress and Beth is n't cleaning more old .
Kimberley can n't clean one old shoe and Teresa can n't clean at least as many .
Kimberley can n't clean one shoe and Teresa can n't clean at least as many old .
most people were buying one red restaurant and Raymond was n't buying few .
most people were buying one restaurant and Raymond was n't buying few red .
this doctor did n't break five messy forks and Christina did n't break four .
this doctor did n't break five forks and Christina did n't break four messy .
that popsicle looked like one out in the open picture and Connie looked like five .
that popsicle looked like one picture and Connie looked like five out in the open .
Stacy sold three red paintings of and a dancer sold almost as many .
Stacy sold three paintings of and a dancer sold almost as many red .
Donna watched one scared best friend and Barbara watched a few .
Donna watched one best friend and Barbara watched a few scared .
Stacey is n't cleaning many black socks and Anna is n't cleaning few .
Stacey is n't cleaning many socks and Anna is n't cleaning few black .
Sandra forgot five bad shows about and Suzanne forgot four .
Sandra forgot five shows about and Suzanne forgot four bad .
Jessica was n't breaking one white glass and Samantha was n't breaking two .
Jessica was n't breaking one glass and Samantha was n't breaking two white .
Todd breaks many black bikes and Vanessa breaks few .
Todd breaks many bikes and Vanessa breaks few black .
Danielle is breaking one red convertible and rabbits were n't breaking a few .
Danielle is breaking one convertible and rabbits were n't breaking a few red .
Deanna was n't bothering one big guy and Jill was n't bothering four .
Deanna was n't bothering one guy and Jill was n't bothering four big .
Sally cleaned few rough snakes and Victoria cleaned many .
Sally cleaned few snakes and Victoria cleaned many rough .
pictures of Liam looked like one sick fish and every drawing looked like more .
pictures of Liam looked like one fish and every drawing looked like more sick .
Sharon will n't leave one scared son and Janice will n't leave few .
Sharon will n't leave one son and Janice will n't leave few scared .
Carol sees one yellow dress and Tracy sees several .
Carol sees one dress and Tracy sees several yellow .
Karen went to one white lake and Cynthia went to at least as many .
Karen went to one lake and Cynthia went to at least as many white .
Samantha is n't breaking a few broken cups and a horse is n't breaking a lot .
Samantha is n't breaking a few cups and a horse is n't breaking a lot broken .
Janice can n't break a lot of orange glasses and a turtle can n't break a few .
Janice can n't break a lot of glasses and a turtle can n't break a few orange .
Donald is n't climbing up one orange hill and Emily is n't climbing up a few .
Donald is n't climbing up one hill and Emily is n't climbing up a few orange .
