Omar had thought about that fork that hurts Clyde .
Omar had thought about who that fork hurts Clyde .
Veronica saw a lot of mirrors that have n't scared Claire .
Veronica saw who a lot of mirrors have n't scared Claire .
Carol has seen the foot that does n't bother Kenneth .
Carol has seen who the foot does n't bother Kenneth .
Matt can forget a teacher that is n't kissing Heidi .
Matt can forget who a teacher is n't kissing Heidi .
Timothy was thinking about all shirts that hurt Brett .
Timothy was thinking about who all shirts hurt Brett .
Lori has n't thought about a girl that should care for Becky .
Lori has n't thought about who a girl should care for Becky .
Wayne could n't think about a lot of means that would n't alarm Todd .
Wayne could n't think about who a lot of means would n't alarm Todd .
Tiffany sees a cafe that hurts Lori .
Tiffany sees who a cafe hurts Lori .
Roger did think about fish that hurt Diana .
Roger did think about who fish hurt Diana .
Galileo should n't see a mouth that hurts Allison .
Galileo should n't see who a mouth hurts Allison .
those boys know this man that sounded like Valerie .
those boys know who this man sounded like Valerie .
Sherry could know the girl that knew Homer .
Sherry could know who the girl knew Homer .
Rebecca knew this patient that had water .
Rebecca knew what this patient had water .
Rebecca will n't remember most stories that were bothering Steven .
Rebecca will n't remember who most stories were bothering Steven .
William thinks about this library that did take a lot of mouths .
William thinks about what this library did take a lot of mouths .
Chad would think about some library that knows Holly .
Chad would think about who some library knows Holly .
Benjamin thinks about the door that looked like that print .
Benjamin thinks about what the door looked like that print .
Erin has n't forgotten some ladies that are n't driving to some hospital .
Erin has n't forgotten what some ladies are n't driving to some hospital .
Becky can n't question every man that is talking to Cheryl .
Becky can n't question who every man is talking to Cheryl .
Ella forgot that man that was n't listening to Rebecca .
Ella forgot who that man was n't listening to Rebecca .
Barbara knew all children that fixed some window .
Barbara knew what all children fixed some window .
Michael had n't seen every snake that can alarm Pamela .
Michael had n't seen who every snake can alarm Pamela .
Cheryl does n't see a shoe that looked like a drawing .
Cheryl does n't see what a shoe looked like a drawing .
Carl does question children that had n't seen these socks .
Carl does question what children had n't seen these socks .
Monica saw every dancer that would n't look like every print .
Monica saw what every dancer would n't look like every print .
