Julia was talked to by the lady .
Julia was talked to by the sheep .
Bethany is n't thought about by the ladies .
Bethany is n't thought about by the windows .
Deborah is n't watched by some children .
Deborah is n't watched by some fish .
Holly is seen by some girls .
Holly is seen by some glasses .
a convertible was n't broken by some man .
a convertible was n't broken by some windows .
Winston Churchill is n't seen by the person .
Winston Churchill is n't seen by the hair .
some chair was broken by the child .
some chair was broken by the dishes .
those windows were broken by some person .
those windows were broken by some books .
Colleen was n't sounded like by some boy .
Colleen was n't sounded like by some dish .
Bethany was n't seen by some guy .
Bethany was n't seen by some mirrors .
that vase is broken by some boys .
that vase is broken by some dog .
Rice is n't bought by some children .
Rice is n't bought by some mirrors .
these rabbits are taken by some dancer .
these rabbits are taken by some birds .
bread is cleaned by the men .
bread is cleaned by the dogs .
Amelia was n't watched by some people .
Amelia was n't watched by some cars .
Ann was talked about by the patient .
Ann was talked about by the ice .
some lady is n't seen by the boy .
some lady is n't seen by the picture .
that cup was n't fixed by the doctors .
that cup was n't fixed by the socks .
every window is n't fixed by some men .
every window is n't fixed by some car .
this bicycle is fixed by the man .
this bicycle is fixed by the bananas .
some museum was run around by the child .
some museum was run around by the bikes .
Mark is talked to by some driver .
Mark is talked to by some dress .
Holly was n't visited by some doctors .
Holly was n't visited by some steps .
Tracy was hugged by some children .
Tracy was hugged by some mirror .
this shirt was n't cleaned by the man .
this shirt was n't cleaned by the means .
many dresses were n't cleaned by some woman .
many dresses were n't cleaned by some boxes .
Caroline is left by some children .
Caroline is left by some bikes .
these cars were n't thought about by the boys .
these cars were n't thought about by the door .
a plate is n't found by some children .
a plate is n't found by some chairs .
Candice is n't visited by the man .
Candice is n't visited by the vase .
Benjamin is n't seen by some ladies .
Benjamin is n't seen by some mouth .
a lot of mouths were found by the teacher .
a lot of mouths were found by the plays .
the cafe was explored by the dancer .
the cafe was explored by the deer .
Debra was talked to by some children .
Debra was talked to by some turtle .
Harvard University was walked through by some child .
Harvard University was walked through by some dog .
a school is n't run around by the lady .
a school is n't run around by the bird .
that door was n't seen by the men .
that door was n't seen by the book .
every story is n't examined by some woman .
every story is n't examined by some ice .
every plane was broken by the man .
every plane was broken by the bird .
Samuel was n't seen by some lady .
Samuel was n't seen by some cups .
Debra was n't left by the driver .
Debra was n't left by the tomato .
Monet is sounded like by the man .
Monet is sounded like by the bread .
