Omar knows that the dancer has broken that window .
Omar knows what the dancer has broken that window .
Chad learned that all children talk to Jessica .
Chad learned who all children talk to Jessica .
Peter knew that all children were n't fixing chairs .
Peter knew what all children were n't fixing chairs .
Martha does realize that the boys had n't thought about Gregory .
Martha does realize who the boys had n't thought about Gregory .
Amelia should remember that that patient would n't examine books .
Amelia should remember what that patient would n't examine books .
all men figure out that every boy sees Laurie .
all men figure out who every boy sees Laurie .
Andrea was learning that this company is working with Donald .
Andrea was learning who this company is working with Donald .
Timothy has n't forgotten that some guy should n't watch Debra .
Timothy has n't forgotten who some guy should n't watch Debra .
some ladies know that that patient was listening to Samantha .
some ladies know who that patient was listening to Samantha .
Carolyn discovers that all people visited Maria .
Carolyn discovers who all people visited Maria .
Todd knows that a lot of girls have n't watched a girl .
Todd knows who a lot of girls have n't watched a girl .
Donald can learn that this child breaks some carriage .
Donald can learn what this child breaks some carriage .
these doctors find out that a painting could n't look like a lake .
these doctors find out what a painting could n't look like a lake .
Maria will n't know that this child was cleaning the forks .
Maria will n't know what this child was cleaning the forks .
Becky would forget that these children kiss Larry .
Becky would forget who these children kiss Larry .
Gary knows that every woman works with Emily .
Gary knows who every woman works with Emily .
Bradley forgot that a man saw the ladies .
Bradley forgot who a man saw the ladies .
Michelle knew that a lot of girls could bring the shoe .
Michelle knew what a lot of girls could bring the shoe .
Gerald could find out that every boy discovers Becca .
Gerald could find out who every boy discovers Becca .
Tammy knew that people had n't dropped by a river .
Tammy knew what people had n't dropped by a river .
the library had n't forgotten that some man had fixed some convertible .
the library had n't forgotten what some man had fixed some convertible .
Anne was n't remembering that these schools remember Martha .
Anne was n't remembering who these schools remember Martha .
Cindy can know that boys broke dishes .
Cindy can know what boys broke dishes .
these people knew that the photograph could n't look like that dog .
these people knew what the photograph could n't look like that dog .
every guy discovers that the doctor has n't thought about some shoe .
every guy discovers what the doctor has n't thought about some shoe .
all people remember that the children have talked to Amy .
all people remember who the children have talked to Amy .
