a driver has thought about those deer that many pictures look like .
a driver has thought about what many pictures look like those deer .
Michelle can see this banana that Maria did sell .
Michelle can see what Maria did sell this banana .
Teresa should n't see those shoes that Phillip took .
Teresa should n't see what Phillip took those shoes .
Todd does n't think about some light that Dana sees .
Todd does n't think about what Dana sees some light .
Leslie does think about some cup that that print would n't look like .
Leslie does think about what that print would n't look like some cup .
those people see this shoe that Rhonda should lift .
those people see what Rhonda should lift this shoe .
Larry should think about every dish that Benjamin can have .
Larry should think about what Benjamin can have every dish .
Diana knew these people that Dana was hiding .
Diana knew who Dana was hiding these people .
Stephen thought about some painting that Candice would sell .
Stephen thought about what Candice would sell some painting .
Valerie had n't thought about an octopus that Carrie has .
Valerie had n't thought about what Carrie has an octopus .
Larry did see all horses that Carolyn could think about .
Larry did see what Carolyn could think about all horses .
Carlos thinks about the shirt that Beverly took .
Carlos thinks about what Beverly took the shirt .
Galileo had n't thought about a mouse that Kimberley does n't take .
Galileo had n't thought about what Kimberley does n't take a mouse .
Rhonda was thinking about this museum that Patricia thinks about .
Rhonda was thinking about what Patricia thinks about this museum .
Pamela thinks about the pictures that Denise likes .
Pamela thinks about what Denise likes the pictures .
Susan did n't forget every book that Carmen would n't take .
Susan did n't forget what Carmen would n't take every book .
Scott does see every couch that Keith thought about .
Scott does see what Keith thought about every couch .
Wayne knew some patient that that cup does bother .
Wayne knew who that cup does bother some patient .
Rhonda thinks about every fork that Michael was taking .
Rho