Nina has learned who most men sound like .
Nina has learned that most men sound like .
Kathleen did learn who some boys will talk about .
Kathleen did learn that some boys will talk about .
Sherry is remembering who that drawing looks like .
Sherry is remembering that that drawing looks like .
Richard knew who the bank talks about .
Richard knew that the bank talks about .
some girls remember who that driver is listening to .
some girls remember that that driver is listening to .
Larry has learned what a drawing had looked like .
Larry has learned that a drawing had looked like .
Mark was remembering who a woman should n't listen to .
Mark was remembering that a woman should n't listen to .
Galileo discovers what that goose finds .
Galileo discovers that that goose finds .
Travis was remembering who fish scared .
Travis was remembering that fish scared .
Charles knew what every guy might lift .
Charles knew that every guy might lift .
Beverly had learned what those birds will look like .
Beverly had learned that those birds will look like .
Colleen learned who all boys listen to .
Colleen learned that all boys listen to .
Donald was n't learning what this guy walked through .
Donald was n't learning that this guy walked through .
Harvard University learned what many men find .
Harvard University learned that many men find .
Victoria knows what a man could drop by .
Victoria knows that a man could drop by .
Candice knew who this lady would talk about .
Candice knew that this lady would talk about .
Daniel did forget what some doctors walk through .
Daniel did forget that some doctors walk through .
Sonia is n't learning who all men were n't listening to .
Sonia is n't learning that all men were n't listening to .
Maria did n't learn who every woman sounds like .
Maria did n't learn that every woman sounds like .
Joseph was learning what some lady went to .
Joseph was learning that some lady went to .
Kirsten was learning who a lot of children return to .
Kirsten was learning that a lot of children return to .
all schools forget who these children fire .
all schools forget that these children fire .
Theresa did know what these children drop by .
Theresa did know that these children drop by .
Stephanie had n't learned what most men were n't going to .
Stephanie had n't learned that most men were n't going to .
Steve knows what every child should go to .
Steve knows that every child should go to .
this lady found out what this vase scares .
this lady found out that this vase scares .
Amy learned what all men had n't gone to .
Amy learned that all men had n't gone to .
Carlos forgot what a patient should n't wear .
Carlos forgot that a patient should n't wear .
Sally finds out who the company works with .
Sally finds out that the company works with .
all children realize what many girls can n't look like .
all children realize that many girls can n't look like .
Charles can remember what some boys find .
Charles can remember that some boys find .
Theresa had learned what that man is n't looking like .
Theresa had learned that that man is n't looking like .
Derek had n't forgotten who a lot of ladies are n't talking about .
Derek had n't forgotten that a lot of ladies are n't talking about .
Deborah does n't learn who those men had n't talked to .
Deborah does n't learn that those men had n't talked to .
Helen knew what the painting looks like .
Helen knew that the painting looks like .
Beth knows who the child is n't talking to .
Beth knows that the child is n't talking to .
most people find out who ladies did care for .
most people find out that ladies did care for .
Samuel was learning what that child can look like .
Samuel was learning that that child can look like .
Peter should forget who most doctors talk about .
Peter should forget that most doctors talk about .
Carol can n't remember who the people talk to .
Carol can n't remember that the people talk to .
Barbara is learning who all guys did listen to .
Barbara is learning that all guys did listen to .
Sharon was n't remembering who most girls work with .
Sharon was n't remembering that most girls work with .
Frank had n't learned what many doctors go to .
Frank had n't learned that many doctors go to .
Clyde was remembering what every patient would bike to .
Clyde was remembering that every patient would bike to .
Victoria had forgotten what this man bikes to .
Victoria had forgotten that this man bikes to .
Galileo was n't learning what a woman had n't gone to .
Galileo was n't learning that a woman had n't gone to .
Patricia learned who every public park scared .
Patricia learned that every public park scared .
Jane learned what every guy will wear .
Jane learned that every guy will wear .
Brett did n't learn who this book did n't sound like .
Brett did n't learn that this book did n't sound like .
Claire is n't learning who many children do n't work with .
Claire is n't learning that many children do n't work with .
Rachel did find out what these men are n't dropping by .
Rachel did find out that these men are n't dropping by .
George was remembering what some girls examine .
George was remembering that some girls examine .
Cynthia had n't found out what the teacher has walked through .
Cynthia had n't found out that the teacher has walked through .
Deborah finds out what a child does n't bike to .
Deborah finds out that a child does n't bike to .
Stacey knew what this dancer walks through .
Stacey knew that this dancer walks through .
Wayne had n't found out what a woman walks through .
Wayne had n't found out that a woman walks through .
Bethany discovers what every teacher drives to .
Bethany discovers that every teacher drives to .
Claire was remembering who that guy talks about .
Claire was remembering that that guy talks about .
